---
layout: kbdocs
title:  "Wysc Logo Agreement"
last_updated: 29 Jan 2020
---

[Discord record:](https://discordapp.com/channels/319372945929666571/665165509586845706/672314388488781861)  
lemon pie 01/29/2020  
@ebru Public permission to use your drawing as icon  
ebru 01/29/2020  
Public permission to use my drawing as icon is :Given  


### License

By partnering with Wysc, you agree to the following conditions:

1. Identification of all involved parties
1. The non-exclusive right for Wysc to reproduce, distribute, and modify the provided content
1. The terms of the agreement shall last in perpetuity
1. Advance notice of 180 days shall be provided prior to any termination of this agreement
1. The territory that this agreement will be enforced at is the United States

<br>

Let's break down why we ask for all of this:

### Identification of all involved parties

We would like to properly credit all parties involved in the creation of the content we are attempting to gain access to through this partnership. In order to do so, we must know all parties involved. Involved parties will be listed in our [Credits page](../legal/credits).

### The non-exclusive right for Wysc to reproduce, distribute, and modify the provided content

We'd like for this to be a partnership, not a hostile takeover. You own your content, we'd like to use it, so we'd like to ask for a license to use your content so that you can keep what is yours for whatever you choose to do with it!

Because of this, we need the right to reproduce and distribute your content in order to make it available in Wysc. In addition, the right to modify your content is needed to allow us to change your content should that be necessary in order to integrate it into Wysc.

We ask for these rights to be non-exclusive, which means that you can license your content out to other people too if you'd like.

### The terms of the agreement shall last in perpetuity

This is a general statement that lets us continue our partnership until you decide to revoke consent (see more below) or the copyright on your content expires.

### Advance notice of six months shall be provided prior to any termination of this agreement

If you want to stop any partnership between you and Wysc, that is perfectly okay. We understand!

Just to be safe, we'd like around six months (30 days x 6 = 180 days) notice before you terminate any agreement, so that we can clean up our end.

Please note that any messages sent in Wysc Discord and/or contributions made in Github remain in perpetuity at the mercy of Discord and Github respectively due to technical restraints. We'll try to remove as much as we can from the latest version, but for example, Github saves all old versions of the repository, so anyone would be able to see your content if it has ended up there at any point in the past.

### The territory that this agreement will be enforced at is the United States

Wysc is based in the United States. [See our Privacy Policy for more details](/docs/about/privacy).

