---
layout: kbdocs
title:  "Data Collection"
category: "Content Policy"
last_updated: 12 Jan 2020
redirect_from:
  - surveys
  - docs/discord/content/surveys
---

Wysc takes a strong stance against outside data collection. General [Content Policy](1) regulations still apply.

### Surveys

While we appreciate your coming to Wysc to seek responses for your survey, please be aware that we are not an advertising or recruitment platform. Do not join Wysc solely to collect data for a project, product, service, or any other topic. All surveys, similar to any other attempts at data collection, are subject to the data collection guidelines below.

### Seed users

All Seed users are **forbidden** from engaging in any data collection behavior with other Wysc users.

This includes, but is not limited to: posting surveys, storing feedback by Wysc users on a topic; collecting data regarding users made available through Wysc, public or otherwise; and collecting any data generated by users within Wysc, public or otherwise.

Wysc remains steadfast in its determination to enforce this behavior, and any repeat offence will constitute strong action.

### Sprout users

All Sprout users are permitted to engage in data collection behavior **only in #liberal-arts**, subject to the following regulations:

- Results derived from acquired data must be made available in a reasonable capacity
- Content regarding data collection (such as a survey link) can only be posted to #liberal-arts no more than once, along with all necessary information from the template below
- Leaving the server means your survey link is subject to deletion
- All data collection methods must be [GDPR compliant](https://gdpr.eu/what-is-gdpr/)

In addition, you must complete this template and post it along with your survey link:

```
**Data Collection Topic:** 
**Data being collected:** 
**Description of project:** 
**Why this data is being collected:** 

**What you will do with the data:** 
**How the data will be stored:** 
```

### Sapling and above users

All Sapling and above users are permitted to engage in data collection behavior, provided disclosure of data handling practices is provided.

### Questions?

Your messages may be deleted and your account may be subject to administrative action should they violate the policies above. Reach out to us in #support with any questions!