---
layout: kbdocs
title:  "Rules and Culture"
category: "Content Policy"
last_updated: 23 Nov 2019
redirect_from:
  - culture
  - discord/culture
  - discord/content/index.html
---

Wysc's culture is one we strive to maintain and nurture. While we don't have a laundry list of rules, our administrative policy towards user behavior is simple and direct.

<p class="p-4" style="font-size:36px">Don't be a dick.</p>

You don't have to like everyone in the server or agree with everyone. However, if you're doing the equivalent of running into a random store and goofing off, we'll take action. If you are ignoring the server's atmosphere and trolling, advertising, or otherwise looking to start something, we'll take action.

**We aren't doing this to be a snowflake server. We just want to study and chill.**

Go be a dick somewhere else.

<br>

<br>

<p>---</p>

### What's our Culture like?

Think of us like a neighborhood snack store. You'll probably go there to catch up with some friends over bubble tea, sip a latte, or grab a donut. It's a generally nice atmosphere overall, and usually no one would particularly care if you like *insert controversial opinion*. But when someone comes in and starts exerting themselves, whether by sending too many messages at once or goofing off without keeping in mind of public space, it makes the environment uncomfortable. We're like that. 

Over time, Wysc has grown to be a relatively small, comfy, and peaceful study server. Despite our constantly growing size, our members consistently report a small-server feel, where everyone feels welcome and free. It's not that we're intolerant of outsiders, but it's certainly jarring (both for us and for the new user) when they join without being aware of how we're different.

### How are we run?

Wysc operates in a cooperative model, where the older members of our community gain the tools to be able to maintain the friendly environment they have grown up in. As such, Wysc Staff will not be the only users who can take action against malicious users. However, if you are quarantined, you will have a chance to appeal the decision to Wysc Staff.